We made this for an insurance company where they wanted to use Gumnut to improve their support
processes to support customers filling in a long complicated form. So this is a long health
insurance form and like everything in Gumnut it's multi-user so if I open another tab and see the same fields you'll see the other users connected to this
form and this form has conditionals across the tabs so you'll see that
different sub options are rendered across multiple tabs depending on which
user fills them in and of course all the other fields could be filled in on any
on any page but the thing that we added for them
is there's some support features.
And so on their admin page,
these are the same fields, but in a different UI.
And so what they've got on the right-hand side
is the support page, on the left hand side is the field.
So when the support user opens the tab, you'll see them join.
But we added some features to them, which was sometimes these fields are long and complicated,
and finding a user inside their system is actually quite not necessarily easy.
So we added a jump to user button so they can jump to the user or even follow the user around.
So as they navigate the field, they can fill in all of the questions
over the phone with the customer and make sure they get all of the information that's correct.
Either of them can type it in so they can type in the correct numbers
and that the support staff can type it in so they can type in the correct numbers and that the support staff can type it in for them
And they can collaborate to ensure the customer has a great experience using their product